battles are raging across Gaza as Israel
presses ahead with its campaign to
eliminate Hamas the Israeli military is
stepping up attacks on the southern city
of Han yunas where it says key Hamas
militants are HED up the militants say
they may kill the 137 hostages They
seized during their October 7th attack
unless Israel meets their demands the US
and a number of other countries classify
Hamas as a terror organization the
humanitarian situation in Gaza is
described as apocalyptic with hospitals
on the verge of collapse and residents
saying there are no safe places the
Hamas ran Health Ministry says Israel
has killed nearly 18,000 Palestinians
mainly civilians in its
offensive this father is constantly on
the Move in Han yunes going from
hospital to hospital in the hopes of
receiving care for his two injured
Sons he is the only one in his family
left to take care of the two boys his
wife daughter and father were all killed
in a strike close to their
[Music]
home it's our children's right to live
to live in security to live in peace to
find food to find medicine to find
treatment to have a dignified life but
there's no treatment no medicine and no
food and if someone doesn't die from the
war they'll die from Hunger from the
lack of food or from the lack of
treatment at Rafa Hospital many families
have had to say their goodbyes to loved
ones Israel targeted the main city in
southern Gaza after Hamas threatened
that it would not release any of the
remaining Israeli hostages alive if
Israel did not release more Palestinian
prisoners my aunt's family was displaced
from KH Yunis due to the war they came
to Rafa which they said was a safe area
to my sister's house they were in a safe
Zone when it happened the whole family
died my aunt her husband their
children up in the north of Gaza smoke
bombs have been released at the jabalia
refugee camp forcing already displaced
gazin out of what Little Shelter they
have
as civilians are desperately running out
of options to find Refuge across the
strip Israel has again rejected calls
for a ceasefire claiming that the end of
Hamas is near all right let's cross to
DW's funny FAA in Jerusalem funny
Benjamin Netanyahu has said that the
beginning of the end of Hamas is here
why does he say
that but first and foremost Israel is
under growing International and domestic
pressure here on the ground there so
many people saying that prime minister
netan should end this war there has to
be if not a ceasefire longterm but at
least humanitarian pauses uh on the
ground during Gaza Strip and in the
light of those calls of this
International domestic calls prime
minister netan may have said those
remarks that he did which is he claimed
that Hamas militants have started to
surrender a dozen of them he said
without providing actual any evidence on
that and there were counter claims made
by hammad saying that they have
destroyed several military vehicles more
than 180 they said and they have also
rejected those claims that Hamas
militans that the fighters are actually
surrounding surrendering to Israeli
forces now while these claims and
counter claims are being made we have
seen really shocking pictures of
Palestinian detainees in Gaza Strip
there really stripped down to their
underwear uh Israel saying that this is
a security measure making sure that
nobody's wearing explosives but
humanitarian Ian organizations have
raised the alarm Bell there again saying
that this war while it's ongoing has to
be conducted in a way that it is in
accordance with International
humanitarian law Hamas has now
threatened the lives of the Israeli
hostages it is holding if Palestinian
prisoners aren't released what has been
the reaction in Israel to that
threat there hostages and it's belief
that about 137 hostages are still in the
hands of Hamas
militants have been used basically as a
bargaining chip from the beginning from
uh by the Hamas militant it's really not
surprising that they keep saying
unfortunately that they are threatening
H the the hostages if there isn't for
example a prisoner swap or if the
aggression uh by uh Israel is not
stopping but uh Israel says that this is
not going to happen what they're
actually are doing right now is focusing
on hanun trying to take out Hamas
officials they say as their way or their
solution forward Israel keep seeing and
repeating to uh both eliminate Hamas but
also trying to find those hostages
trying to make sure that they're being
released but as I'm saying this I've
been also hearing that yes an estimated
more than 130 hostages I beli to be
still in the hands of Hamas but
apparently unfortunately 20 of those
hostages may have been killed as this
war is Raging on funny how concerning is
it that Qatar one of the key mediators
to a week-long truce we've had has said
the window for a second ceasefire is
narrowing well first of all it's not
just Qatar that is really raising this
this this alarm Bell that there must be
a ceasefire there must be some sort of a
negotiation and the way out of this but
internationally we have heard really
calls after calls especially by the
United Nations uh that really went
unheard with regard to the voting in the
security Council last week Friday uh
that V by the United States to make sure
that there is an immediate ceasefire so
we have heard it over and over again
what Israel says in fact prime minister
netan reiterating again yesterday that
any call with regard to a ceasefire is
inconsistent with their aim to eliminate
Hamas having said that it doesn't look
like an end of the war or at least the
intensity of the war that's playing out
right now is going to be H coming up
very soon fny FHA in Jerusalem thank you
PR